Add 1.6.6 post (#300)
runelite/runelite.net: src/_posts/2020-02-13-10-00-1.6.6-Release.md

---
title: '1.6.6 Release'
description: 'Pickpocket and Nightmare loot tracking, light sources for clues, and more'
author: Adam
---

The loot tracker will now track loot received from pickpockets.

![pploottracker](/img/blog/1.6.6-Release/pploottracker.png)

The old show opponent's opponent option has been readded for NPC opponents;
closer inspection of the [prohibited feature
list](https://secure.runescape.com/m=news/another-message-about-unofficial-clients?oldschool=1)
revealed the original cause for us removing it only applied to PVP: `Indicates whom your opponent's opponent is in PVP`

![oppinfo](/img/blog/1.6.6-Release/oppinfo.png)

The Crystal Math Labs plugin has been replaced with an `XP Updater` plugin,
which additionally now supports the TempleOSRS tracker. Remember that sending xp
update requests to external services necessarily sends your IP address _and_
display name to that service.

> The CoX scouter plugin now has an option for screenshotting the overlay into the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CoX scouter plugin now has an option for displaying the world and CC name the scout is on as well as screenshotting the overlay
```

> clipboard, making it easy to share.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
, making it easy to share.
```

![cox](/img/blog/1.6.6-Release/cox.png)

The clue plugin now tells you when you are missing a light source required for
your clue.

![lightsource](/img/blog/1.6.6-Release/lightsource.png)

The interface styles plugin now has an option to always used the stacked-stones
arrangement, regardless of client resolution.

![stones](/img/blog/1.6.6-Release/stones.png)

There are also several smaller improvements and bug fixes, including:

- The loottracker now can track drops from the Nightmare
- Fix the Wintertodt plugin erronously sending a notification about being idle
  when you are already idle

> - Fix dragging with the inventory grid enabled to not drag grid cells

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Dragging with the inventory grid enabled no longer drags grid cells
```

- The mouse tooltip position can now be configured to be above the mouse
- Fix imp spawn notifications sometimies not working in Puro-Puro
- The wiki plugin now has an option to make `Search` the default left click
  option
- The shift anti-drag plugin now also works in the bank
- Various hot-cold clues that were slightly off center have been centered, and
  the solver can now sometimes eliminate possible solutions even when the orb
  temperature has not changed
- The imbued heart timer now more reliably works when in combat
- The grand exchange plugin will now also record partially bought or sold
  offers, which can be viewed on the
  [website](https://runelite.net/account/grand-exchange). Additionally, the
  retention history has been upped to 90 days from 30.
- The NPC unaggro plugin can now notify you when the aggression timer expires
- Fix the LMS overlay to be movable
- The custom cusor plugin now allows user-supplied cursors by placing a file
  named `cursor.png` in your `.runelite` directory

> - The dragonfire shield cooltime timer has been updated to use the [correct

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The dragonfire shield cooldown timer has been updated to use the [correct
```

  time](https://twitter.com/JagexAsh/status/1161987121709821953)

> - Skilling positions have been added to the item identification plugin

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Skilling potions have been added to the item identification plugin
```
